# Online-learning
The Transfer of Media from Whiteboards
The traditional whiteboard or maybe the even older chalkboard has taught generations of students and brought about numerous new ideas through brainstorming sessions where people pen down those ideas on whiteboards. However, what comes after seems to cause inefficiency in transferring information from the whiteboard to another location or another platform. This problem is further outlined in the paragraphs below.

There is a problem listening to the teacher in class and taking down notes at the same time. According to the research done by de Brito’s thesis [1], shows that speech rate, limited knowledge of vocabulary and grammar, little understanding of the subject as well as accents affect the student's ability to comprehend the lesson, causing a negative influence on their notes [2]. With these troubles, students are required to pay more attention to the class by listening more, and thus by taking down notes at the same time may be detrimental to their overall takeaways from the lesson. For tutors, classes may be hampered due to the need to slow the lesson down, allowing less content to be taught and effectively conveyed. This problem is also applicable to notes written on a whiteboard during a meeting amongst employees.

There is a rapid change from traditional notetaking methods to digital formats. Digital formats grant users the ease of duplication and distribution. Even before the COVID-19 pandemic, lectures, mainly in universities are recorded via a camera from the seats of an auditorium, yet any notes drawn up on the whiteboard or chalkboard could not be easily distributed. Students must manually rewrite the information from the whiteboard to either paper [3] or some form of digital notetaking platform such as an iPad. This is not optimal, especially if the information to be copied is very heavy, requiring a significant amount of time to copy everything fully. Often, lecturers may speed through the lecture, cleaning the whiteboard or chalkboard fast after the board is full, which could erase information that students may not be able to copy in time, causing these valuable education materials to disappear. When students are unable to keep up with the lesson, students may feel disassociated with the class and proceed to switch off [4], causing issues in the understanding of the topic by these students.

This is also an issue in workplaces where brainstorming between teams is a common activity to generate new ideas for a new product or process that they are working on and are required to brainstorm in a common area such as a conference room, away from their desks. The information discussed would then be required to be transferred onto some type of medium before being worked on at the employee’s desk, of which the most common method for such a process is using mobile phones to take photos of the whiteboard as stated by

There are not many solutions that tackle this problem. One common solution that many people use when they do not have the luxury of time to take down notes from the whiteboard or chalkboard is to use their mobile devices to take a photo of the whiteboard [5]. In recent times, due to the pandemic, it has evolved into taking a screenshot of the zoom meeting to take the photo of the notes done by the meeting host. Other solutions also include multimedia meeting browsers and whiteboard systems such as interactive whiteboards, whiteboard capture systems that helps capture the content of the whiteboard, as outlined by Varona-Martin thesis [6]. However, these solutions beg the question, "Why aren't these solutions widely adopted?". These solutions are designed to reduce the adverse effects of splitting attention as stated above, can capture the presentation, as share with others.

Interactive whiteboards are whiteboards that can do a traditional whiteboard's functions but provide smart features such as interactive games, reading keystrokes and gestures, and many more. However, such a solution requires replacing the original traditional whiteboard and requires an installation team to install the interactive whiteboard. Such systems are expensive and not within reach of regular classes as their costs outweigh the benefits.

Whiteboard capture systems allow traditional whiteboards to be upgraded with technology to capture information on the screen. An example of such systems are ones developed by Kaptivo. Kaptivo is a company that developed a system to capture whiteboard screens and share them via the web or as a video source, and its base option is $500 USD [7]. This is clearly out of reach to most classrooms where the costs of such a system outweigh the potential benefits of this solution.

In conclusion, there is room for improvement in the current market of interactive whiteboards, whiteboard capturing systems, and traditional whiteboards to ease the transfer of information between the whiteboard and another platform for ease of movement between spaces. Such a solution should also be cheap to purchase and easy to use such that places such as schools can adopt these technologies easily, and using them would not obstruct the teaching or idea generation in progress.
